README.md, before:

# Jeff

**Jeff** is a light-weight module that mixes in client behaviour for [Amazon
Web Services (AWS)][aws]. It wraps the HTTP adapter [Excon][excon] and
implements [Signature Version 2][sign].

![jeff][jeff]

## Usage

Here's a hypothetical client.

```ruby
class Client
  include Jeff
end
```

Customise default headers and parameters.

```ruby
class Client
  headers 'User-Agent' => 'Client'
  params  'Service'    => 'SomeService',
          'Tag'        => Proc.new { tag }

  attr_accessor :tag
end
```

Set an AWS endpoint and credentials.

```ruby
client = Client.new.tap do |config|
  config.endpoint = 'http://example.com/path'
  config.key      = 'key'
  config.secret   = 'secret'
end
```

You should now be able to access the endpoint.

```ruby
client.post query: {},
            body:  'data'
```

### Chunked Requests

You can upload large files performantly by passing a proc that delivers chunks.

```ruby
file = File.open 'data'
chunker = -> { file.read Excon::CHUNK_SIZE).to_s }

client.post query:         {},
            request_block: chunker
```

### Streaming Responses

Similarly, you can download and parse large files performantly by passing a
block that will receive chunks.

```ruby
streamer = ->(chunk, remaining, total) { puts chunk }

client.get query:          {},
           response_block: streamer
```

### Instrumentation

Requests can be instrumented.

```ruby
class Logger
  def self.instrument(name, params = {})
    if name =~ /request/
      $stderr.puts [
        params[:scheme],
        '://',
        params[:host]
        '/',
        params[:path],
        '?',
        params[:query]
      ].join
      yield if block_given?
    end
  end
end

client.get query:        {},
           instrumentor: Logger
```

For more detailed configuration options, check out the [excon README][excon].

[aws]:   http://aws.amazon.com/
[excon]: https://github.com/geemus/excon
[sign]:  http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-2.html
[jeff]:  http://f.cl.ly/items/0a3R3J0k1R2f423k1q2l/jeff.jpg

Commit message:

Add note on compatibility to copy
[ci skip]

README.md, after:

# Jeff

**Jeff** is a light-weight module that mixes in client behaviour for [Amazon
Web Services (AWS)][aws]. It wraps the HTTP adapter [Excon][excon] and
implements [Signature Version 2][sign].

![jeff][jeff]

## Usage

Here's a hypothetical client.

```ruby
class Client
  include Jeff
end
```

Customise default headers and parameters.

```ruby
class Client
  headers 'User-Agent' => 'Client'
  params  'Service'    => 'SomeService',
          'Tag'        => Proc.new { tag }

  attr_accessor :tag
end
```

Set an AWS endpoint and credentials.

```ruby
client = Client.new.tap do |config|
  config.endpoint = 'http://example.com/path'
  config.key      = 'key'
  config.secret   = 'secret'
end
```

You should now be able to access the endpoint.

```ruby
client.post query: {},
            body:  'data'
```

### Chunked Requests

You can upload large files performantly by passing a proc that delivers chunks.

```ruby
file = File.open 'data'
chunker = -> { file.read Excon::CHUNK_SIZE).to_s }

client.post query:         {},
            request_block: chunker
```

### Streaming Responses

Similarly, you can download and parse large files performantly by passing a
block that will receive chunks.

```ruby
streamer = ->(chunk, remaining, total) { puts chunk }

client.get query:          {},
           response_block: streamer
```

### Instrumentation

Requests can be instrumented.

```ruby
class Logger
  def self.instrument(name, params = {})
    if name =~ /request/
      $stderr.puts [
        params[:scheme],
        '://',
        params[:host]
        '/',
        params[:path],
        '?',
        params[:query]
      ].join
      yield if block_given?
    end
  end
end

client.get query:        {},
           instrumentor: Logger
```

For more detailed configuration options, check out the [excon README][excon].

## Compatibility

**Jeff** is Ruby 1.9-compatible and [tested against MRI 1.9.3 plus JRuby and
Rubinius in 1.9 mode][travis].

[aws]:    http://aws.amazon.com/
[excon]:  https://github.com/geemus/excon
[sign]:   http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-2.html
[jeff]:   http://f.cl.ly/items/0a3R3J0k1R2f423k1q2l/jeff.jpg
[travis]: http://travis-ci.org/#!/hakanensari/jeff
